Letter No. 1

Dear European Quidditch Federation,
With this letter I would like to express my interest in participating in the Quidditch World Cup
2020 as a regional delegate.
I was delighted to discover that this event is to be held in Dublin, in March 2020. My passion for
the Quidditch have been, since the beginning of my studies, at the core of my interests. I wish to
seize this opportunity and deepen my knowledge about the world of Quidditch, as well as meet
the global actors of this worldwide, magic sport.
In order to understand the current trends and complete my class of International Quidditch
Relations, for two years now, I have been closely following the results of the Quidditch League in
more than five countries. In addition to that, my role as captain of the Junior Quidditch Team of
Hogwarts gave me the opportunity to embody the role of a Quidditch leader and thus to
understand better the internal functioning of a Quidditch Team. Moreover, I had the chance to
hold a position of the head of the organising committee of the Triwizard Winter ball, held in
Hogwarts, last December. This latter commitment enabled me to develop my skills as an organiser
of the high level meeting, as well as endorse a role full of responsibilities.
Above all that, as a great fan of this wizard’s sport, I believe to be fitted for the position of the
regional delegate for the Quidditch World Cup 2020. All my past experience, not only in the field
of Quidditch, but also in organisation of events, are a key background to fulfil the tasks required
as the regional delegate.

To conclude, I would like to emphasise the fact, that not only would I be honoured to represent
the European Quidditch Federation, but attending this event would also be an occasion for me to
strengthen my curriculum, as I am writing an academic article in the field of Quidditch . The
theoretical and practical knowledge, I would have a chance to gain whilst attending the event,
would be a great asset to improve the quality and credibility of it. Furthermore, next year, I intend
to apply for a full membership of the Hogwarts Quidditch Board. Thus, representing the European
Quidditch Federation would be the perfect prelude to a career in the world of Quidditch.
I hope that my experience, motivation and passion, convinced you that I am the right choice for
the position,
I remain at your disposal should you need any further information.
Best regards,

Letter No. 2

Motivation Letter
Sample
To: Admission department
University of Cambridge
Dear Sir/Madam:
I am writing to apply for the B.A. in Law program, in which I am enormously interested. The degree
from one of the most prestigious, elitist and respected universities is my chance to enrich my
knowledge and professionally outgrowth thereby contribute to the development of the humanity and
the strengthening of the values of human rights and fundamental freedoms, promoting peace in the
world by contributing the development of democracy in my native country and a whole world.
I am a human rights activist, public figure of my own and students’ community, master in
photography, and creator of my fortune. Ukraine is my native country. My country is an independent
and young state. It is developing but it has a lot of problems. By observing and analyzing these
problems I am aware that everybody’s well-being depends on a solution of social and global problems.
I know that England is a country with a perfect system of human rights protection and solutions of
social problems. Active youth human rights advocates assert its rights decisively and implements new
ways of solving of social problems. As a leader of the youth community and a member of NGO I have a
lot of goals and plans. These goals are improvement of youth well-being, involvement of young people
into social life, finding and promotion of young leaders. It’s very important for me. That’s why I strive
to take part in your educational establishment together with progressive international youth. I aim to
join in researching and developing of projects together with the best world academics, journalists,
activists, officials, and leaders in human rights protection in order to solve global problems of mankind
as well as challenges of my community.
From the very beginning of my public activity I’m engaging social projects aimed at protecting citizens
and especially youth and children. The project is based on my research which allowed evaluating the
degree of human rights violation in the Ukrainian province and applying a number of measures of their
solution, and consequently increasing a level of social welfare. My projects have been highly
appreciated by experts of Klitschko brothers Foundation, Charitable Fund “Ukraine 3000″, International
Women’s Fund, Youth Union of Ukraine.
Studying in University of Cambridge will allow me to explore the long-term experience of democracy
building, gain knowledge and skills in the field of law and leadership, which can be used for creating
better instruments of protection of the individual and promotion of democracy.
Large role in the promotion of social projects has the status of leader, their credibility, especially in the
case of projects the national and international level. Therefore my personal status, that besides
depends on the success and rating of the institution, will provide additional opportunities to my
community.
I have already done much for social improvement of my community as volunteer, author of projects,
member of NGO, secretary of student parliament and deputies assistant; but life changes and new
challenges require new ideas, knowledge, skills and partners. After training in the Visegrad Summer
School and Ukrainian Summer School of Human Rights, I ascertain that the experience, knowledge and
desire of even one person with an active social position can change the lives of others people,
communities and countries.
Moreover, taking part in The B.A. in Law program is a perfect chance to develop both my personal and
professional experience by interacting with top students and leaders of other nationalities, discovering
new culture and traditions. Being an active participant of the Ukrainian meetings of youth, I know how
enriching it is to meet new people, sharing ideas and broadening our horizons beyond a single nation’s
vision.
I am sure that the knowledge I shall receive in The B.A. in Law program will be able to be applied in
the future in order to become a professional, I could help people and teams to develop their own 

potential, to overcome obstacles and to achieve their goals. While working in the public sector we all
strive for positive changes in our society. I am sure all changes we want in society have to start with
NGO and ourselves. I shall develop national programs, which could help to adjust long-term relations
among cultures and continents.
This is my way, the way of a person who wants, for certain, to change the fortune of Ukraine and its’
folk. I am a drop of my Ukrainian people and the fortune of all the ocean depends on my personal
experience, knowledge which I can and want to pass the other people.
In conclusion, I would like to say that I am eager to gain new experiences, improve my skills and
broaden my understanding of the dynamic economic world, and I am persuaded that studying in the
B.A. in Law program would contribute to my development as a specialist of international level in the
best possible way.
Thank you very much for considering my application.
Yours faithfully,
Yuliya Matvienko